Missed one reference to old forum URL (#4038)
rstudio/shiny: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/question.md

> about : The issue tracker is not for questions -- please ask questions at https://community.rstudio.com/c/shiny.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about : The issue tracker is not for questions -- please ask questions at https://forum.posit.co/tags/shiny.
```

---

> The issue tracker is not for questions. If you have a question, please feel free to ask it on our community site, at https://forum.posit.co/c/shiny.

Reviewer: The link with `/c/` doesn't seem to exist?

```suggestion
The issue tracker is not for questions. If you have a question, please feel free to ask it on our community site, at https://forum.posit.co/tags/shiny.
```

Author: Does for me...the number reference at the end isn't required

<img width="324" alt="Screenshot 2024-05-01 at 11 36 55 AM" src="https://github.com/rstudio/shiny/assets/2762787/9558444b-771e-4dbe-9c25-8d96b5283feb">

Reviewer: Ahh, whoops. I think I included the `.` at the end when testing it
